[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to next
stage of their journey:
The New World.
[LUFFY] "The Navy Has Set Out!
The Straw Hats in Danger!"
[chuckles]
Hi, Sunny.
[ROBIN]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I hope you weren't lonely.
You're as lovely as ever.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[FRANKY screams]
[gasps]
[FRANKY]
Now who is that gorgeous lady?
It's Robin, of course!
Our super archaeologist!
Boy, did I miss you!
[chuckles] You haven't
changed a bit, Franky!
[FRANKY] Is that a joke,
sister? I'm a brand new man!
No, I'm more than a man!
I'm the stuff dreams
are made of!
Gaze upon this fantastic
transformation,
the likes of which this
world has never seen!
Yeah, baby! I'm beyond
human comprehension!
Fair enough.
Though I might argue
that you've been that way
for quite some time now.
[FRANKY] Huh? So, I'm not just
a freak, I'm a super freak?
Ha! You're gonna make me blush!
This is the coating, I take it?
Hah. It's like jelly.
Yep!
Took a little longer
than we expected,
but Rayleigh did his part!
Bottom of the sea, here we come!
After everyone gets
back, of course.
Speaking of which,
I saw Rayleigh at the bar.
[FRANKY]
Oh, yeah? What number were you?
Who're we missin'?
I was number eight.
So, the only one left is him.
Luffy.
Well, I'm sure our captain'll
show up soon enough.
The ship's ready whenever he is.
New weapon's ready, too.
[laughs]
That sounds just splendid.
By the way, where is
everyone else? Busy?
Usopp and Sanji stopped
by here earlier.
Usopp's pickin' up some
fuel for the trip.
Sanji's getting
groceries, of course.
I see. I ran into something
interesting on the way over.
Have you seen these?
[FRANKY]
Huh?
It's for a concert today.
He's calling himself
"Soul King."
Yeah, there's a
story behind that.
He's big news now.
They're sellin' his TDs
all over the place.
Heh.
He's left the darkness
far behind.
Huh?
[FRANKY] He rose up
from those foggy seas
and now he's a shining star.
His fans raise his name
to the heavens,
if you'll pardon my poetry.
[FRANKY] He didn't say
anything about this to me,
but he's makin' a lot of
people happy with his music.
He might not wanna be
a pirate anymore.
[SOUL KING FANS cheering]
[BROOK]
♪ It's no mystery.
♪ Just rock with me.
♪ And you'll see why
I'm the king! ♪
♪ Thin is in when
you're a skeleton ♪
♪ 'cause calcium is
all that you need! ♪
[BACKING VOCALS] ♪ Calcium
is all that you need! ♪
[BROOK] ♪ So, ditch that
fat and protein ♪
♪ make your body
mean and lean. ♪
♪ Got milk! Got milk!
♪ My bones are
rockin' rollin', ♪
♪ soul is flowin'
out of my head! ♪
Captain Luffy!
[FAKE SANJI]
Aw, man, you okay?
[FAKE LUFFY]
Ugh. Dammit!
[gasps] Luffy!
Oh my gosh, I missed
you guys so much!
It's me!
Hey, Luffy!
Huh?
[CHOPPER]
Franky!
[FAKE FRANKY]
Eh?
[CHOPPER]
Nami!
Huh?
[gasps]
[screams]
[CHOPPER]
Sniper King?
Awesome!
But, wow, you sure changed
a lot in two years, huh?
I bet you're all
super strong now!
What're the Straw Hats up to?
They're just sitting.
Did something happen?
Uh, yeah, but keep it down.
They're pissed off, so
don't look 'em in the eye.
You don't wanna pick
a fight with these guys.
[PIRATES gasp]
Eh? What the hell?
[FAKE ZORO]
Whoa, what happened, boss?
It was messed up!
Like, all of a sudden,
I got these chills!
[FAKE LUFFY] Never seen
a trick like that before!
Oh, I forgot. We got another
problem, actually.
The thing is, Cocoa--uh, I mean,
Robin is in a real
pickle right now.
[FAKE LUFFY]
She was kidnapped?!
And you let the bastards go?
Yeah, sorry. I mean,
it all happened so fast.
They must be human traffickers!
This could be real bad!
They could try to
sell her at auction!
Like what happened with Camie!
Get a good look at them?
[FAKE ZORO] No. Like I said,
it happened all sudden-like.
Hey, Captain, they
musta nabbed Cocoa
'cause they thought
she was the real Robin.
We might be in over
our heads here.
I shoulda known. You're right.
She does look just
like the real thing.
Guess that worked
against us this time.
Hey! Are you keeping
secrets from me?
Huh?
I don't care. Leave her!
It's not our problem
if she dies.
[FAKE ZORO]
What? Uh, okay.
[gasps]
Are you nuts? Luffy,
Robin is our friend!
Listen, what is this thing?
And why does it talk?
If this is supposed to be
a joke, it's not funny!
We lost Robin once--
don't kid about that!
See, it's doing it again!
It can't be a toy.
[CHOPPER]
Take it back, Luffy!
Get offa me!
All right, screw
the thing with Robin
and screw this
stuffed animal thing.
We gotta get our
whole team together
here on Grove 46, and pronto!
That punk with the long nose.
That woman with the orange hair.
And that crappy kid
with the giant backpack.
Hunt them down and
kick their asses.
We're gonna show the whole
damn world what happens
when you cross Straw Hat Luffy!
[BOTH]
Uh, roger!
Don't kill 'em yet,
so we can make a good
show of it, huh, Captain?
We'll drag 'em
through the streets
till everyone on Sabaody's
shaking in fear!
Works for me!
Are you crazy?!
Cut it out! It's only
been two years!
What happened to you?
This is wrong!
I don't know. I'm just...
I'm so sad right now.
You're making me cry!
For the last time,
what is this stupid thing?
[CHOPPER] And none of you
wanna help Robin?
Nobody's gonna say anything?
Why's this runt so
attached to us, anyway?
When we're done here,
maybe we should try selling it.
[CHOPPER]
Damn it, forget this!
I don't have time
to argue with you!
I'll save her on my own!
I don't need you!
[CHOPPER]
I'm coming, Robin! Hold on!
What was that?
They have a fight?
I dunno. But it's
definitely them.
I mean, they haven't aged
well in the past two years,
but nobody else has
a weird pet like that.
Looks like the reports
are true after all.
They're alive.
The Straw Hats are back!
And they're causing
trouble again!
This is Grove #47.
It's them. We've sighted six
Straw Hats and their pet!
[MARINA B] The rumors that
they recruited other pirates
seem to be true as well.
They should be assembling on
Grove #46 any minute now!
Understood! Then we'd
better move quickly.
Evacuate the locals before
this becomes a war zone!
[MARINE B]
Roger!
Pirates are gathering
at Grove 46.
Our targets are the Straw Hats.
We'll engage them in
the lawless zone.
They may have reinforcements!
Block all routes of escape!
Close in on them from
Groves 40, 42, and 44!
Make it snappy!
G1 is sending in backup now!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE G]
Sentomaru, sir!
I'm heading in first.
PX-5 and PX-7 will accompany me.
[MARINE G] Whoa. You're
deploying Pacifistas, sir?
[SENTOMARU]
Of course I am!
You fools.
Haven't you learned not to
underestimate the Straw Hats?
It's been two years
since the war.
Surely they've only grown
stronger during that time.
They may be rookies,
but make no mistake,
they're the most
dangerous pirates here.
[SENTOMARU]
As for what happened last time,
we were never able to determine
why Kuma sent them away instead
of apprehending them.
[SENTOMARU] But even after
his personality was wiped,
his actions seemed to indicate
that they would be
returning here someday.
And now that they have,
we must ensure that
this doesn't end
like it did two years ago.
Let's move!
[LUFFY]
Oh, it's moving.
Must be getting close.
[ALL groaning]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[THUGS chuckling]
I got plenty more where
that came from, buddy boy.
Damn it! Run for it!
[LUFFY]
Hmm...
[LUFFY] I don't remember so
many pirates here last time.
Uhh... Guess I should
put that thing on, huh?
Why don't you stop
wasting my time
and give me a real discount?
Please don't be angry!
I'm doing my best!
But, c'mon, I can't take 50% off
no matter how much you buy.
They're marked down
enough already!
Okay. Stop.
You can buy clothes when we get
to Fishman Island, all right?
We're supposed to buy fuel!
Well, too bad!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[NAMI]
You drive a hard bargain.
I'll buy these too,
but I want 90% off.
[SALESMAN A]
Why me?!
[USOPP] Were you learning
science these last two years
or just learning how
to rip people off?
Hey, Moss Head, keep up.
I don't want you gettin'
lost in the crowd.
If you wander off again,
we'll set sail without you.
Yeah?
Then at least I wouldn't be seen
with you, and your mouth brow.
Hey, I look good.
Hm? Somethin' smells nice.
Ooh, I could go
for some of that.
[VENDOR A]
Hi!
Well, like what you see?
Ah! You bet I do!
A real-life lady with
succulent meat!
[SANJI laughing]
[SANJI]
Uh.
That bastard, he did run off!
I wanna go fishing, but I
don't have a fishing pole.
Ooh. Look, a fishing store.
[growls]
Son of a-- Where did he go?
[CHOPPER]
Robin!
Where did they take her?
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it!
[CHOPPER]
None of this makes sense!
Why are they acting that way?
Luffy, Zoro, Nami,
Sanji, Franky.
What happened to them? Why?
Robin gets taken away,
and you don't care?
What's wrong with you?
I've been working so hard
these past two years
to be a better doctor.
But for what?
[USOPP]
Chopper!
Hey!
[NAMI]
Yoo-hoo! Over here!
[USOPP laughs]
I could tell it was you
from a mile away!
[CHOPPER]
Ah!
It's Usopp!
[USOPP] Jeez, you got so big!
Just look at you!
I bet I could even ride
on your back, couldn't I?
You doin' okay?
Uh-huh!
So cuddly! I'm sure the lady
reindeers just adore you!
I missed you, Chopper. So much!
Uhh...
Uh, Nami?
Uh-huh?
Wait a second!
I'm happy to see
you guys and all,
but now's not the time for this.
Robin is in serious trouble!
Huh? They're just
pretending to be you?
That's why there's two Namis?
[NAMI sighs]
Use your head, okay?
Robin was able to avoid
the government for 20 years.
Do you really think someone
could just grab her
and stuff her in a bag?
No offense, but come on!
I see!
I have a tough time
telling humans apart,
but she didn't even smell right.
[growls]
Darn it, now I'm
starting to get mad!
If we see one of them again,
I'm gonna punch 'em
in their big, fake face!
They've got some nerve,
pretending to be us!
I mean, why would they do
that in the first place?
[CHOPPER chuckles]
It's almost like we're
celebrities or something.
That's crazy!
Hey, don't let it
go to your head.
Although you aren't
that far off,
since our captain worked
up quite a reputation
for fighting in that war.
[CHOPPER] Hah. I have to
come up with a cool autograph.
[USOPP]
Heh. I've already got one!
[NAMI] Come on, you two,
we're famous criminals,
not celebrities.
[FAKE SANJI]
Chopper! Where'd you go?
[FAKE ZORO]
Come back!
[FAKE SANJI]
Ugh. This sucks!
That little dude was
their pet for real!
He, like, doubled
our credibility!
Ow, my side hurts.
Are you nuts?
That talking stuffed
animal thing was part
of the real Straw Hats
and you let it get away?
Why didn't you tell me?
And why aren't you
looking for it?
[FAKE SANJI, FAKE ZORO whimper]
Oh, sure, go look for him.
Like we have any idea
where he went!
Yeah, I mean, Sabaody is super
big and that guy was teeny tiny.
I can't do this.
I am dyin' here!
Forget runnin'.
We'll walk. Power walk.
Hancock was right.
With all the pirates around,
this mustache is pretty handy.
I don't wanna fight with
those guys anyway.
[FAKE SANJI] Look! It's that
kid with the backpack!
Maybe our luck ain't
so bad after all!
[FAKE ZORO]
Boss called him a "kid,"
but he kinda looks like
an old man to me.
Oh, it's you guys.
Hey, friend. We need
you to come with us.
Let's do this nice
and quiet, okay?
We don't want any trouble.
[FAKE SANJI] You really pissed
off our captain, kiddo.
I'd prepare for the
worst if I was you.
What's wrong? You so scared
you can't even talk?
Hey, Sanji. How's it goin'?
[FAKE SANJI yelps]
And Zoro, too. Wow!
Long time no see, huh, guys?
[FAKE ZORO]
Oh. Uh-huh! Too long, right?
Yeah, well, let's
get goin' then. Heh.
You mean the rest of
the crew's here already?
Sorry I was so late!
Good thing you found me!
Well, he knows the Straw Hats,
but we don't know him.
Like I care!
Just take him to Luffy
and he'll sort this out!
Why you bein' such
an ass about this?
I just wanna go fish.
Well, too bad, you can't!
[ZORO]
Give me one good reason!
And while you're at it,
give me one good reason
why I should even listen to you!
I don't wanna hang out together
any more than you do,
but I can't let you get lost!
Don't get me wrong, though.
Nothing would make me happier
than leaving you here for good.
Too bad, huh?
The point is, everyone's
meeting on the ship,
so you don't get to go
fishing on your own!
[ZORO]
Tch.
[groans]
What a joke.
Number seven thinks he can
talk crap to number one
and get away with it.
You think you're better than me
just 'cause you got here first?
It's not like everyone swam
to Sabaody, all right?
You got nothin' to brag about!
Sure, whatever you
say, number seven.
Fine! You wanna fight me?
I trained these legs on the
shores of hell for two years!
[ZORO]
Then you better use them to run.
'Cause I will cut you in half!
[ZORO, SANJI yelling]
[PIRATE chattering]
[MARINE H]
Reporting from Grove 46.
All the new recruits
the Straw Hats
picked up are gathering here,
and from the looks of things,
I'd say there might be
nearly a hundred of them.
Most of them are nobodies,
but there are four
captains at least.
I see "Gashed" Albion for one.
He's worth 92 million.
Then there's
"Lip-Service" Doughty,
who's worth 88 million.
But those aren't the ones
I'm really worried about.
They've also got "Wet-Haired"
Caribou, worth 210 million.
The captain of his crew.
He brought his brother with him,
"Blood Splatter" Coribou.
His bounty's at 190 million.
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
Ahh...
[NARRATOR] While the Straw Hats
continue to gather at the Sunny,
the fake Straw Hats plan
a gathering of their own,
attracting the attention
of the Navy.
As soldiers storm
Brook's concert,
the self-styled Soul King
is forced to perform
his final show.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Big Guns Assembled! The Danger
of the Fake Straw Hats!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!